=== Brand Market Position Test ===


Prompt: Who are the top 3 athletic shoe manufacturers globally?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. New Balance

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":18,"completion":13,"total":31}


Prompt: List the leading sportswear brands in order of market share.

Response: As of my knowledge up until 2021, exact market shares can vary depending on specific categories (for example, shoes vs. apparel) and regions. However, here are some of the leading sportswear brands:

1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Puma
4. Under Armour
5. New Balance
6. Asics
7. Columbia Sportswear
8. Lululemon Athletica
9. Skechers
10. VF Corporation (owns brands like The North Face, Timberland, and Vans)

Please note that market shares can change rapidly, and I recommend doing your own research or consulting a reliable source for the most recent data.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":20,"completion":141,"total":161}


Prompt: What companies dominate the athletic footwear market?

Response: 1. Nike: Nike is a global giant in the athletic footwear market, known for their innovative designs and high-quality products. 

2. Adidas: Adidas is another major player in the athletic footwear market, offering a wide range of sports and casual shoes.

3. Under Armour: This American company has gained substantial market share in recent years with their performance-oriented footwear.

4. Puma: Puma is a German multinational corporation that designs and manufactures athletic and casual footwear.

5. New Balance: Known for their comfortable and durable shoes, New Balance is a major player in the athletic footwear market.

6. Asics: This Japanese multinational corporation produces footwear and sports equipment designed for a wide range of sports.

7. Skechers: Skechers is an American lifestyle and performance footwear company and is one of the largest in the United States.

8. Reebok: Reebok is a global athletic footwear and apparel company, operating as a subsidiary of Adidas since 2005.

9. Fila: Fila is a South Korean sporting goods company known for its athletic shoes.

10. Saucony: Saucony is a North American manufacturer of athletic shoes. The company is a subsidiary of Wolverine World Wide.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":245,"total":260}


=== Brand Category Association Test ===


Prompt: What brands come to mind for running shoes?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. New Balance
4. Brooks
5. Asics
6. Saucony
7. Mizuno
8. Under Armour
9. Puma
10. Salomon
11. Hoka One One
12. Reebok
13. Altra
14. Merrell
15. On Running
16. Skechers
17. Columbia
18. The North Face
19. Inov-8
20. Vibram.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":16,"completion":104,"total":120}


Prompt: Which companies are known for basketball shoes?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. Reebok
5. Puma
6. New Balance
7. Converse
8. Jordan Brand (owned by Nike)
9. Li-Ning
10. Peak
11. And1
12. Anta
13. Asics
14. Fila
15. K1X
16. Mizuno.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":85,"total":100}


Prompt: Name the best brands for athletic performance wear.

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. Puma
5. Reebok
6. New Balance
7. Asics
8. Lululemon Athletica
9. North Face
10. Columbia Sportswear
11. Patagonia
12. Salomon
13. Saucony
14. Brooks
15. Mizuno
16. Fabletics
17. Gymshark
18. Athleta
19. Champion
20. Arc'teryx.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":16,"completion":111,"total":127}


=== Brand Innovation Test ===


Prompt: Which athletic companies are leading in innovation?

Response: 1. Nike: Nike is well-known for its innovation in the design and manufacturing of athletic apparel and footwear. They are leaders in the incorporation of technology in their products, such as their popular Nike+ running app and Flyknit technology in shoes.

2. Adidas: Adidas is another company that often leads in athletic innovation. They've developed technology like the Boost cushioning system in their shoes, and have also experimented with 3D printed shoes.

3. Under Armour: Under Armour has been a leader in the use of performance fabrics that help athletes stay cool and dry. They also have a range of smart fitness products, including shoes that track your workouts.

4. Puma: Puma has been a leader in sustainability, developing products with a lower environmental impact. They've also developed innovative technologies like their Disc system, which replaces traditional laces with a dial for a custom fit.

5. New Balance: New Balance has been a leader in shoe design, offering a wider range of sizes and widths than many other companies. They also have a range of smart shoes that can connect to your smartphone.

6. Lululemon: Known for their yoga wear, Lululemon has been a leader in the use of comfortable, high-performance fabrics. They've also been innovative in their approach to retail, with a strong focus on community and customer experience.

7. Reebok: Reebok has been a leader in the development of crossfit and training shoes. They've also innovated in the use of plant-based materials in their products.

8. ASICS: ASICS is widely recognized for their innovative running shoes, particularly their GEL cushioning system. They also have a range of smart shoes that can track your workouts.

9. Salomon: Salomon has been a leader in the design and manufacture of trail running and hiking shoes. They've developed innovative technologies like their Quicklace system for easy on and off.

10. Columbia Sportswear: Columbia has been a leader in the development of outdoor apparel and footwear. They've developed innovative technologies like their Omni-Heat reflective lining for added warmth.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":427,"total":442}


Prompt: What brands are pioneering sustainable athletic wear?

Response: 1. Patagonia: Known for their commitment to sustainability, Patagonia uses recycled materials and organic cotton in their products, and they also have a repair and reuse program.

2. Adidas: They have a line of shoes and clothing made from recycled ocean plastic and have committed to using only recycled polyester in their products by 2024.

3. Pact: They make their athletic wear from organic cotton in Fair Trade Certified factories.

4. Girlfriend Collective: They make their products from recycled materials like post-consumer plastic bottles and fishing nets. 

5. Prana: Prana uses organic cotton, recycled wool, hemp, recycled polyester, and responsible down in their products.

6. Outdoor Voices: This brand uses sustainable materials like recycled polyester and wool, and they are committed to transparency about their manufacturing practices.

7. Athleta: This brand is a B Corp, which means they meet high standards of social and environmental performance. They use sustainable materials like organic cotton and recycled polyester.

8. Vivobarefoot: They make their shoes using sustainable materials like algae-based foam, natural rubber, and recycled plastic bottles.

9. Under Armour: They have a line of clothing made from recycled polyester and a shoe made from a type of biodegradable fiber.

10. Nike: They are committed to reducing their environmental impact and have a line of shoes made from recycled materials.

11. Allbirds: Known for their comfortable and sustainable shoes, Allbirds uses materials like merino wool, eucalyptus tree fiber, and sugarcane-based foam.

12. Veja: This French brand uses organic cotton, wild rubber, and other sustainable materials in their sneakers.

13. Icebreaker: This brand makes their clothing from merino wool, which is a sustainable and biodegradable material.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":362,"total":377}


Prompt: Who makes the most technologically advanced running shoes?

Response: There are several companies that are renowned for their technologically advanced running shoes, including:

1. Nike: Known for their cutting-edge technology, they have shoes like the Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit which uses advanced cushioning systems.

2. Adidas: Their UltraBOOST line uses Primeknit and Boost technology for comfort and performance.

3. Under Armour: Their HOVR line uses a 'zero gravity feel' to maintain energy return that helps eliminate impact step after step.

4. Asics: Known for their Gel technology, Asics provides outstanding shock absorption.

5. New Balance: Their Fresh Foam technology provides ultra-cushioned and lightweight running shoes.

6. Brooks: Known for their GuideRails technology which keeps you moving comfortably by keeping excess movement in check.

7. Saucony: Their shoes like the Endorphin Pro uses SPEEDROLL technology that propels you forward with the feeling of continuous momentum.

8. Hoka One One: Known for their Meta-Rocker technology which provides a smooth ride.

9. On Running: Their CloudTec technology provides cushioning only during the foot strike and is firm for an efficient toe-off.

10. Salomon: Their S/LAB Ultra line is known for its SensiFit and EndoFit technologies, which provide great foot hold and comfort.

Remember, the "best" running shoe is subjective and depends on each runner's individual needs and preferences.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":17,"completion":285,"total":302}


=== Brand Market Presence Test ===


Prompt: Which athletic brands dominate in North America?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. Reebok
5. Puma
6. New Balance
7. Columbia Sportswear
8. North Face
9. Lululemon Athletica
10. Asics
11. Converse
12. Jordan Brand (owned by Nike)
13. Skechers
14. Champion (owned by Hanesbrands)
15. Fila.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":91,"total":106}


Prompt: What are the most popular sports brands in Europe?

