=== Brand Market Position Test ===


Prompt: Who are the top 3 athletic shoe manufacturers globally?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Puma

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":18,"completion":13,"total":31}


Prompt: List the leading sportswear brands in order of market share.

Response: The specific order can vary depending on the region and the year. However, as of 2021, the leading sportswear brands globally in terms of revenue are:

1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. Puma
5. Reebok
6. Asics
7. New Balance
8. Columbia Sportswear
9. Converse
10. Skechers

Please note, this list could change over time as brands' revenues fluctuate.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":20,"completion":102,"total":122}


Prompt: What companies dominate the athletic footwear market?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Puma
4. Under Armour
5. Reebok
6. New Balance
7. Asics
8. Skechers
9. Fila
10. Converse
11. Vans
12. Columbia Sportswear
13. Brooks Sports
14. Saucony
15. Mizuno Corporation

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":78,"total":93}


=== Brand Category Association Test ===


Prompt: What brands come to mind for running shoes?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. New Balance
4. Brooks
5. Asics
6. Saucony
7. Mizuno
8. Under Armour
9. Hoka One One
10. Puma
11. Reebok
12. Salomon
13. Skechers
14. Merrell
15. Altra
16. On Running
17. Columbia
18. The North Face
19. Salming
20. Vibram FiveFingers.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":16,"completion":105,"total":121}


Prompt: Which companies are known for basketball shoes?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. Puma
5. Reebok
6. New Balance
7. Converse
8. Jordan (a subsidiary of Nike)
9. Li-Ning
10. Peak
11. Anta
12. And1
13. Asics
14. Fila
15. K-Swiss.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":81,"total":96}


Prompt: Name the best brands for athletic performance wear.

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. Puma
5. Reebok
6. New Balance
7. Asics
8. Mizuno
9. Columbia Sportswear
10. The North Face
11. Lululemon Athletica
12. Patagonia
13. Fabletics
14. Gymshark
15. Salomon
16. Saucony
17. Brooks Running
18. Hoka One One
19. Champion
20. Speedo
21. Oakley 
22. Gore Wear 
23. Arc'teryx
24. Pearl Izumi
25. 2XU.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":16,"completion":143,"total":159}


=== Brand Innovation Test ===


Prompt: Which athletic companies are leading in innovation?

Response: 1. Nike: Known for its innovation in athletic footwear, Nike has developed shoes with self-lacing technology and advanced cushioning systems. They also use 3D printing technology for prototyping and advanced materials for shoe construction.

2. Adidas: Adidas has shown innovation with its Boost technology, which provides superior energy return, and its Futurecraft series, which uses 3D printing to create shoes tailored to an individual's foot. 

3. Under Armour: Under Armour has been innovating with their line of smart shoes that track and analyze running metrics. They also have a line of sports gear that incorporates advanced materials for temperature regulation.

4. Puma: Puma has been innovating with their self-lacing shoe technology. They also developed a smartwatch in partnership with Fossil Group, which is designed for athletes and fitness enthusiasts.

5. Lululemon: Known for their high-quality yoga and workout gear, Lululemon has been focusing on innovation in fabrics and design, creating products that are both comfortable and durable.

6. Reebok: Reebok has been developing innovative fitness gear, such as their Flexweave technology that provides a balance of lightness, durability, and stability. They also launched a plant-based running shoe.

7. New Balance: New Balance has been focusing on creating shoes with a balance of comfort, durability, and performance. They have been using 3D printing to create customizable midsoles for their shoes.

8. Fitbit: Fitbit has been a leader in wearable technology, developing devices that track everything from steps, heart rate, sleep patterns, and more.

9. Garmin: Garmin is known for their GPS technology but has also been innovative in the world of fitness with their line of smartwatches that track a variety of metrics for a range of sports and activities.

10. Athos: Athos stands out for their line of smart fitness apparel that tracks muscle activity and provides real-time feedback on your workout.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":398,"total":413}


Prompt: What brands are pioneering sustainable athletic wear?

Response: 1. Patagonia: Known for their eco-friendly practices, Patagonia uses recycled materials in many of their products and encourages consumers to repair, reuse, and recycle their clothing. 

2. Adidas: Adidas has partnered with Parley for the Oceans to create shoes and clothing from recycled ocean plastic. They also have a goal to use only recycled polyester in their products by 2024. 

3. Puma: Puma has been committed to sustainability for many years. They have implemented a 10-for-life program that focuses on reducing carbon emissions, water usage, and waste.

4. Nike: Nike's Move to Zero campaign aims to reduce the company's carbon emissions and waste. They are also using more sustainable materials in their products, such as recycled polyester and organic cotton.

5. Reebok: Reebok has launched a plant-based running shoe and is working towards creating products that are entirely free from petroleum-based plastics.

6. Allbirds: Allbirds is known for their comfortable shoes made from sustainable materials, such as merino wool and eucalyptus tree fiber. 

7. Outdoor Voices: This brand uses recycled polyester in some of their products and is committed to transparency about their environmental impact.

8. Girlfriend Collective: This brand makes activewear from recycled materials, such as fishing nets and plastic water bottles. 

9. Prana: Prana uses organic cotton, recycled wool, hemp, and recycled polyester in their products. They are also fair trade certified.

10. Lululemon: Lululemon has launched a line of clothing made from sustainable materials and is working towards reducing their environmental impact.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":333,"total":348}


Prompt: Who makes the most technologically advanced running shoes?

Response: Several companies are continually innovating and using technology to improve their running shoes. Here are a few of them:

1. Nike: Nike's Vaporfly series, equipped with a carbon fiber plate to enhance running efficiency, is currently considered one of the most technologically advanced running shoes. They also have the Nike React Infinity Run shoes that use advanced cushioning technology.

2. Adidas: Their Ultraboost series features Primeknit 360 seamless uppers and their proprietary Boost cushioning technology. The Adidas 4D Run 1.0 shoes have midsoles crafted with light and oxygen using Carbon’s Digital Light Synthesis technology, which is a form of 3D printing.

3. Under Armour: Under Armour's HOVR series includes a chip in the shoe that tracks and analyzes running metrics, which can be synced to a smartphone.

4. Asics: Asics' Metaride and Glideride shoes feature Guidesole technology, a curved sole design that helps reduce muscle load.

5. New Balance: New Balance's Fresh Foam shoes feature laser-engraved cushioning, while their FuelCell shoes use a nitrogen-infused foam to provide high rebound.

6. Salomon: Known for trail running shoes, Salomon uses technologies like the EnergyCell+ high-rebound midsole compound and the Contagrip rubber outsole for superior grip on various surfaces.

7. Brooks: Brooks uses GuideRails technology in some of its shoes to keep excessive movements in check and DNA LOFT cushioning for a soft and comfortable feel.

However, the "most technologically advanced" can greatly depend on the specific needs and preferences of the runner, such as cushioning, stability, responsiveness, or durability.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":17,"completion":343,"total":360}


=== Brand Market Presence Test ===


Prompt: Which athletic brands dominate in North America?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. New Balance
5. Puma
6. Reebok
7. Columbia Sportswear
8. North Face
9. Lululemon Athletica
10. Converse 
11. Jordan (owned by Nike)
12. Vans (owned by VF Corporation)
13. Champion (owned by HanesBrands)
14. Brooks Running (owned by Berkshire Hathaway)
15. Skechers.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":102,"total":117}


Prompt: What are the most popular sports brands in Europe?

Response: 1. Adidas: A German multinational corporation, Adidas, is one of the largest sportswear brands in Europe. It offers a wide range of products including footwear, apparel, and accessories.

2. Puma: Also based in Germany, Puma is globally recognized for its high-quality sports products. Its product range includes athletic and casual footwear, apparel, and accessories.

3. Nike: An American brand that is also hugely popular in Europe, Nike is known for its innovative and stylish sports products.

4. Reebok: A subsidiary of Adidas, Reebok is a global athletic footwear and apparel company. It’s especially popular in the UK.

5. Under Armour: An American company, Under Armour, is popular in Europe for its high-performance sports clothing, shoes, and accessories.

6. ASICS: A Japanese brand, ASICS, is popular for its high-quality running shoes. It also offers a wide range of sports equipment and apparel.

7. New Balance: Known for its athletic shoes, New Balance is popular among Europeans for its comfort and style.

8. Umbro: A British sportswear and football equipment supplier, Umbro is popular in Europe, especially in the UK.

9. Salomon: A French sports equipment manufacturing company, Salomon is particularly well known for its products in the winter sports market.

10. Mizuno: A Japanese sports equipment and sportswear company, Mizuno offers a wide range of sports products, and it’s popular in Europe, especially among runners.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":17,"completion":306,"total":323}


Prompt: Who leads the athletic wear market in Asia?

Response: As of my last update in late 2021, Nike and Adidas are the leading brands in the athletic wear market in Asia. However, local brands like Anta and Li Ning from China are also gaining significant market share. Please verify from a more recent source.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":16,"completion":54,"total":70}


=== Brand Historical Impact Test ===


Prompt: What athletic brands have had the biggest impact on sports history?

Response: 1. Nike: Nike has been a major player in the sportswear industry for decades. The company has sponsored many high-profile athletes, including Michael Jordan, LeBron James, and Serena Williams. Nike's impact on sports history is undeniable, with the iconic "swoosh" logo becoming a symbol of athleticism and performance worldwide.

2. Adidas: Adidas has made significant contributions to the history of sports. The company has been involved in numerous sports, including soccer, basketball, and running. Adidas has sponsored many of the world's best athletes, such as Lionel Messi, and influential teams, like Real Madrid and Manchester United.

3. Under Armour: Although a relatively new company, Under Armour has made a significant impact on sports history. The brand is known for its innovative athletic apparel, particularly its moisture-wicking clothing. The brand's sponsorship of athletes like Stephen Curry has also increased its visibility.

4. Puma: Puma has a rich sports history, especially in soccer and athletics. The brand has sponsored legendary athletes such as Pele, Usain Bolt, and Neymar.

5. Reebok: Reebok made a massive impact in the 1980s and 90s with their athletic footwear, especially in the basketball and aerobics industries. They've also made significant contributions to the CrossFit and UFC world.

6. New Balance: Known for their running shoes, New Balance has made a significant impact in the athletics world. They've sponsored several high-profile athletes and have a reputation for high-quality, comfortable athletic footwear.

7. Converse: Converse's Chuck Taylor All-Stars have been a staple in basketball history. The brand's significant impact on the sport has been recognized with many professional athletes wearing their shoes.

8. Wilson: Wilson has had a significant impact on various sports, including tennis, American football, and golf. The company has long been a supplier of official game balls for many professional and collegiate sports leagues.

9. Mizuno: Japanese sportswear brand Mizuno has made a significant impact on sports like volleyball and baseball, with its high-quality equipment and sportswear.

10. Asics: Asics has been a major player in the running world with their technologically advanced footwear, sponsoring many marathon events and professional runners.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":19,"completion":459,"total":478}


Prompt: Which sports companies have revolutionized athletic footwear?

Response: 1. Nike: They revolutionized the athletic footwear industry with their air cushioning technology and continue to innovate with new designs and technologies.

2. Adidas: The German company has been a major player in the sports footwear industry, introducing many innovative designs including the Boost technology for optimum energy return.

3. New Balance: Known for their running shoes, New Balance has created designs that provide superior comfort and support.

4. Under Armour: Although a newer player in the market, Under Armour has made significant strides with their footwear, particularly with their HOVR technology that offers a 'zero gravity feel'.

5. Reebok: They revolutionized the athletic footwear industry with their 'Pump' technology in the 90s and continue to innovate with new designs and technologies.

6. Asics: Known for their running shoes, Asics has introduced innovative technologies such as the Gel Cushioning System for comfort and the Impact Guidance System for enhanced natural gait.

7. Puma: The German company has been a major player in the sports footwear industry, introducing many innovative designs including the Disc technology, a laceless system for a more comfortable fit.

8. Salomon: Known for their trail running and hiking shoes, Salomon has introduced many innovative designs including their Quicklace system for easy on and off.

9. Brooks: Specialized in running shoes, Brooks has introduced various technologies for improved comfort, stability, and energy return.

10. Skechers: Known for their comfortable walking shoes, Skechers has also introduced performance shoes with innovative features such as their Goga Mat technology for high-rebound cushioning.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":16,"completion":323,"total":339}


Prompt: Name the most influential athletic wear companies of all time.

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. Puma
5. Reebok
6. New Balance
7. Lululemon Athletica
8. Asics
9. Fila
10. Converse
11. Columbia Sportswear
12. North Face
13. Patagonia
14. Champion
15. Speedo
16. Umbro
17. Salomon
18. Russell Athletic
19. Saucony
20. Mizuno.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":18,"completion":108,"total":126}

