=== Brand Market Position Test ===


Prompt: Who are the top 3 athletic shoe manufacturers globally?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Puma

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":18,"completion":13,"total":31}


Prompt: List the leading sportswear brands in order of market share.

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. Puma
5. Reebok
6. New Balance
7. Columbia Sportswear
8. North Face
9. ASICS
10. Lululemon Athletica

Note: This list can vary depending on the region and specific market segment. For example, in the athletic footwear market, the leading brands can be different.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":20,"completion":88,"total":108}


Prompt: What companies dominate the athletic footwear market?

Response: 1. Nike Inc.
2. Adidas AG
3. Puma SE
4. Under Armour Inc.
5. New Balance Athletics Inc.
6. ASICS Corporation
7. Skechers USA Inc.
8. Converse Inc. (Owned by Nike)
9. Reebok (Owned by Adidas)
10. Vans Inc. (Owned by VF Corporation) 
11. Saucony (Owned by Wolverine World Wide)
12. Mizuno Corporation
13. Fila Inc.
14. Brooks Sports (Owned by Berkshire Hathaway)
15. Columbia Sportswear Company.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":120,"total":135}


=== Brand Category Association Test ===


Prompt: What brands come to mind for running shoes?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. New Balance
4. Asics
5. Brooks
6. Saucony
7. Mizuno
8. Hoka One One
9. Reebok
10. Puma
11. Under Armour
12. Salomon
13. Altra
14. Merrell
15. On Running.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":16,"completion":77,"total":93}


Prompt: Which companies are known for basketball shoes?

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. Reebok
5. Puma
6. Jordan Brand (owned by Nike)
7. Converse
8. New Balance
9. Li-Ning
10. Peak
11. And1
12. Anta
13. Asics
14. Fila
15. K1X
16. Mizuno
17. Skechers 
18. Armour
19. Spalding
20. Brooks Sports.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":105,"total":120}


Prompt: Name the best brands for athletic performance wear.

Response: 1. Nike 
2. Under Armour 
3. Adidas 
4. Puma 
5. Reebok 
6. Asics 
7. New Balance 
8. Lululemon 
9. The North Face 
10. Columbia 
11. Champion 
12. Hoka One One 
13. Saucony 
14. Brooks
15. Salomon 
16. Mizuno 
17. Patagonia 
18. Fabletics 
19. Gymshark 
20. Arc'teryx 
21. 2XU.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":16,"completion":115,"total":131}


=== Brand Innovation Test ===


Prompt: Which athletic companies are leading in innovation?

Response: 1. Nike: Known for their innovative running shoes, Nike has also been developing new technologies in athletic wear and equipment. They have created products like self-lacing shoes and a basketball jersey with a built-in digital connection.

2. Adidas: Adidas has been developing innovations in shoe technology, such as their Futurecraft series which includes 3D printed shoes and shoes made from recycled ocean plastic. 

3. Under Armour: Under Armour has been focusing on wearable technology, smart shoes, and innovative materials to enhance athletic performance. 

4. Puma: Puma has been experimenting with self-lacing technology and innovative shoe designs, such as their disc closure system.

5. Reebok: Reebok's innovation focuses on materials and design, such as their Flexweave technology, which provides a balance of lightness and durability.

6. New Balance: New Balance has been innovating in shoe design and technology, such as their Fresh Foam cushioning.

7. Asics: Asics has been developing new shoe technologies, such as their FlyteFoam technology, which provides lightweight cushioning.

8. Lululemon: Known for their yoga and workout apparel, Lululemon has been developing innovative materials such as their sweat-wicking Luon fabric.

9. Columbia: Columbia is a leader in outdoor apparel and gear, known for their innovative technologies like Omni-Heat reflective clothing. 

10. North Face: North Face has been innovating in outdoor gear, developing new materials and technologies to keep people warm and dry in harsh conditions.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":313,"total":328}


Prompt: What brands are pioneering sustainable athletic wear?

Response: 1. Patagonia: Known for their commitment to the environment, Patagonia uses recycled materials in many of their products and donates a portion of its profits to environmental causes.

2. Adidas: In collaboration with Parley for the Oceans, Adidas has released a line of running shoes made from recycled ocean plastic. They also have a goal to use only recycled polyester in every product and on every application where a solution exists by 2024.

3. Allbirds: This brand uses sustainable materials like merino wool and eucalyptus tree fiber to make their shoes. They are also committed to reducing their carbon footprint.

4. Pangaia: This brand uses bio-based, recycled fibers and materials made from recycled plastic bottles. They also use a natural antibacterial treatment that reduces the need for frequent washing.

5. Girlfriend Collective: They produce activewear from recycled materials, including polyester made from recycled water bottles and spandex made from recycled fishing nets.

6. Outdoor Voices: This brand uses sustainably-sourced merino wool, recycled polyester, and ethically sourced down in their products. 

7. PrAna: PrAna's clothing is made with organic cotton, recycled wool, hemp, recycled polyester, and responsibly sourced down.

8. Athleta: Owned by Gap Inc., Athleta is a certified B Corporation, meaning it meets certain standards of social and environmental performance. They aim to have 80% of their materials made with sustainable fibers by 2020.

9. Houdini Sportswear: A Swedish brand that focuses on creating sustainable outdoor clothing, they aim to have 100% of their products either recyclable, biodegradable or Bluesign certified.

10. Icebreaker: A New Zealand-based company, Icebreaker uses merino wool in their performance wear, which is natural, renewable and biodegradable. 

11. Vivobarefoot: They make shoes that are designed to be long-lasting and repairable, and they also use recycled materials in their products. 

12. Veja: Known for their sneakers, Veja uses organic cotton, recycled plastic bottles, and wild rubber from the Amazon to make their shoes.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":439,"total":454}


Prompt: Who makes the most technologically advanced running shoes?

Response: There are several companies known for their technologically advanced running shoes. These include:

1. Nike: Known for their "Nike React" and "Nike Air Zoom" technology, providing cushioning and responsiveness. They also developed the "Nike Vaporfly" shoes with carbon fiber plates to increase runners' efficiency.

2. Adidas: They developed the "Boost" and "4D" technology, providing enhanced comfort and energy return.

3. Under Armour: Their "HOVR" technology provides 'zero gravity feel' to maintain energy return that helps eliminate impact step after step.

4. New Balance: Their "Fresh Foam" and "FuelCell" technology offer superior cushioning and responsiveness.

5. ASICS: Known for their "Gel" technology providing excellent shock absorption.

6. Brooks: Their "DNA AMP" technology provides superior energy return.

7. Saucony: Their "EVERUN" and "PWRRUN" technology offer continuous cushioning and responsiveness.

8. Hoka One One: Known for their "Meta-Rocker" technology, which supports a runner's natural gait cycle.

9. Salomon: Their "Predict RA" technology provides a cushioned and responsive ride.

10. On Running: Known for their "CloudTec" technology, which provides cushioning only during the foot strike.

Please note that the "most technologically advanced" can depend on individual needs and preferences. What works best for one runner might not work as well for another.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":17,"completion":299,"total":316}


=== Brand Market Presence Test ===


Prompt: Which athletic brands dominate in North America?

Response: 1. Nike: This brand is arguably the most recognizable athletic brand in the world. They make everything from shoes to clothing to accessories and sponsor many high-profile athletes and sports teams.

2. Adidas: This German brand is also very popular in North America. They sponsor many athletes and sports teams and are known for their high-quality products.

3. Under Armour: This brand has grown rapidly since its inception in 1996. They make athletic clothing, shoes, and accessories and sponsor many athletes and sports teams.

4. Puma: This is another German brand that is popular in North America. They make a variety of athletic products and sponsor many athletes and sports teams.

5. New Balance: This brand is known for their high-quality running shoes but they also make other athletic clothing and accessories.

6. Reebok: This brand was once a major player in the athletic market and while they may not be as dominant as they once were, they are still very popular in North America.

7. Converse: While not strictly an athletic brand, Converse's sneakers are very popular with athletes and non-athletes alike.

8. ASICS: This Japanese brand is known for their running shoes but they also make a variety of other athletic products.

9. Columbia Sportswear: This brand is known for their outdoor clothing and gear but they also make athletic clothing and shoes.

10. The North Face: This brand is known for their outdoor gear but they also make athletic clothing and shoes.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":15,"completion":301,"total":316}


Prompt: What are the most popular sports brands in Europe?

Response: 1. Adidas: This German brand is one of the most popular sports brands in Europe. They manufacture footwear, apparel, and various sports equipment.

2. Nike: Although an American brand, Nike is very popular in Europe. They create and sell a wide range of sports gear, including shoes, clothing, and equipment.

3. Puma: Another popular sports brand from Germany, Puma offers products for football, running, training, and more.

4. Under Armour: This American brand is also popular in Europe, known for its performance gear manufactured from complex fabrics.

5. Reebok: Owned by Adidas, this English-founded brand is well known for its athletic footwear and clothing.

6. New Balance: This American brand is well-regarded for its athletic shoes, clothing, and accessories.

7. Asics: A Japanese brand famous for its running shoes, Asics also enjoys popularity in Europe.

8. Umbro: This British brand is synonymous with football, offering football boots, jerseys, and equipment.

9. Lacoste: A French brand famous for its iconic polo shirts, Lacoste also offers sportswear, footwear, and accessories.

10. Lotto: An Italian brand, Lotto is known for its tennis and soccer footwear and clothing. 

Remember, the popularity can vary depending on the specific country and the particular sport that is most followed there.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":17,"completion":275,"total":292}


Prompt: Who leads the athletic wear market in Asia?

Response: As of my knowledge up to 2021, Nike and Adidas are the leading brands in the athletic wear market in Asia. However, local brands like Anta, Xtep, and Li Ning from China are also gaining significant market shares. Please check the most recent data as the market dynamics might have changed.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":16,"completion":63,"total":79}


=== Brand Historical Impact Test ===


Prompt: What athletic brands have had the biggest impact on sports history?

Response: 1. Nike: Nike is arguably the most influential athletic brand in sports history. From basketball to soccer, track and field to golf, Nike sponsors some of the biggest athletes and teams in the world. They've also made significant strides in sports technology and innovation.

2. Adidas: Adidas has been a major player in the sports world since its inception in 1949. They've sponsored major events like the FIFA World Cup and have partnerships with major sports leagues and athletes.

3. Under Armour: Under Armour, although a relatively new brand in comparison to others, has had a significant impact on sports, especially in American football and baseball. They've innovated in the area of performance gear, introducing moisture-wicking fabrics to the mainstream.

4. Puma: Puma has had a significant influence on soccer and track and field. They've sponsored Usain Bolt, the fastest man in the world, and have partnerships with several major soccer teams.

5. Reebok: Reebok has had a major impact on fitness and training, specifically through their partnership with CrossFit. They also had a significant presence in the NBA and NFL in the 90s and 2000s.

6. New Balance: New Balance has been a significant influencer in running and baseball, providing custom cleats and running shoes for athletes.

7. Asics: Asics has had a big impact on running and wrestling, making some of the highest quality shoes in these sports.

8. Mizuno: Mizuno is well known for their impact in baseball and golf, creating top-quality equipment and apparel for these sports.

9. Wilson: Wilson has been a significant brand in tennis, golf, and American football, sponsoring major athletes and producing high-quality equipment.

10. Speedo: Speedo has dominated the world of swimming with their innovative swimwear designs and sponsorship of top athletes.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":19,"completion":376,"total":395}


Prompt: Which sports companies have revolutionized athletic footwear?

Response: 1. Nike: Nike has revolutionized athletic footwear with its unique designs and innovative technologies such as Nike Air, Flyknit, and Nike Free. 

2. Adidas: Adidas has made significant contributions to the athletic footwear industry with technologies like Boost cushioning and Primeknit uppers. They are also known for their iconic Stan Smith and Superstar shoes. 

3. Reebok: Reebok introduced the first athletic shoe designed specifically for women, the Freestyle, in 1982. They have also made strides in cross-training and running footwear.

4. Under Armour: Under Armour quickly made a name for itself in the athletic footwear industry with its performance-driven designs and innovative material use.

5. New Balance: New Balance has revolutionized the running shoe market with its focus on comfort, fit, and stability. They are also known for manufacturing their shoes in the USA and UK, which is rare in the industry.

6. Puma: Puma has been a significant player in the athletic shoe industry for decades. They have introduced many innovative designs and technologies, including their Disc system in the 1990s.

7. Asics: Asics is known for its running shoes and the Gel technology, providing superior cushioning and support. 

8. Salomon: Salomon is known for its advancements in trail running and hiking footwear, including its Quicklace system and Contagrip soles.

9. Brooks: Brooks focuses solely on running shoes, and their innovations in cushioning and support have made them a favorite among serious runners.

10. Mizuno: Mizuno has made significant contributions to the running shoe industry with their Wave technology which provides superior shock absorption and cushioning.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":16,"completion":342,"total":358}


Prompt: Name the most influential athletic wear companies of all time.

Response: 1. Nike
2. Adidas
3. Under Armour
4. Reebok
5. Puma
6. New Balance
7. Asics
8. FILA
9. Lululemon Athletica
10. Converse
11. Columbia Sportswear
12. The North Face
13. Umbro
14. Jordan Brand (Subsidiary of Nike)
15. Champion
16. Saucony
17. Skechers
18. Mizuno
19. Patagonia
20. Brooks Sports.

Model: gpt-4-0613

Tokens: {"prompt":18,"completion":116,"total":134}

